packages/helpers/README.md, before:

<!-- START header -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->


<div align="center"><img src="https://pub-761b436209f44a4d886487c917806c08.r2.dev/storm-banner.gif" width="100%" alt="Storm Software" /></div>
<br />

<div align="center">
<b>
<a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank">Website</a>  •
<a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke" target="_blank">GitHub</a>  •
<a href="https://discord.gg/MQ6YVzakM5">Discord</a>  •  <a href="https://stormsoftware.com/projects/stryke/docs" target="_blank">Docs</a>  •  <a href="https://stormsoftware.com/contact" target="_blank">Contact</a>  •
<a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug-report.yml&title=Bug Report%3A+">Report a Bug</a>
</b>
</div>

<br />
This package is part of Storm Software's **🌩️ Stryke** monorepo. Stryke packages TypeScript utility packages with shared functionality common to many Storm Software applications.

<br />

<h3 align="center">💻 Visit <a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank">stormsoftware.com</a> to stay up to date with this developer</h3><br />

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.1-1fb2a6.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=1fb2a6)](https://prettier.io/)&nbsp;[![Nx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nx-17.0.2-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge&logo=nx&logoWidth=20&&color=1fb2a6)](http://nx.dev/)&nbsp;[![NextJs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-14.0.2-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoWidth=20&color=1fb2a6)](https://nextjs.org/)&nbsp;[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=commitlint&color=1fb2a6)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)&nbsp;![Semantic-Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=1fb2a6)&nbsp;[![documented with Fumadocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/documented_with-fumadocs-success.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=readthedocs&color=1fb2a6)](https://fumadocs.vercel.app/)&nbsp;![GitHub Workflow Status (with event)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/storm-software/stryke/cr.yml?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&color=1fb2a6)

> [!IMPORTANT] This repository, and the apps, libraries, and tools contained
> within, is still in it's initial development phase. As a result, bugs and
> issues are expected with it's usage. When the main development phase
> completes, a proper release will be performed, the packages will be availible
> through NPM (and other distributions), and this message will be removed.
> However, in the meantime, please feel free to report any issues you may come
> across.

<div align="center">
<b>Be sure to ⭐ this repository on <a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke" target="_blank">GitHub</a> so you can keep up to date on any daily progress!</b>
</div>

<br />


<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- END header -->

# Stryke - Helper Functions

A package containing miscellaneous helper functions that are used across many
different Storm Software projects. This package is not meant to depend on any
other Stryke projects.

<!-- START doctoc -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

## Table of Contents

- [Stryke - Helper Functions](#stryke---helper-functions)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installing](#installing)
  - [Reduced Package Size](#reduced-package-size)
  - [Development](#development)
    - [Building](#building)
    - [Running unit tests](#running-unit-tests)
    - [Linting](#linting)
  - [Storm Workspaces](#storm-workspaces)
  - [Roadmap](#roadmap)
  - [Support](#support)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Changelog](#changelog)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)

<!-- END doctoc -->

## Installing

Using [pnpm](http://pnpm.io):

```bash
pnpm add -D @stryke/helpers
```

<details>
  <summary>Using npm</summary>

```bash
npm install -D @stryke/helpers
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Using yarn</summary>

```bash
yarn add -D @stryke/helpers
```

</details>

## Reduced Package Size

This project uses [tsup](https://tsup.egoist.dev/) to package the source code
due to its ability to remove unused code and ship smaller javascript files
thanks to code splitting. This helps to greatly reduce the size of the package
and to make it easier to use in other projects.

## Development

This project is built using [Nx](https://nx.dev). As a result, many of the usual
commands are available to assist in development.

### Building

Run `nx build helpers` to build the library.

### Running unit tests

Run `nx test helpers` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

### Linting

Run `nx lint helpers` to run [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) on the package.

<!-- START footer -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->


## Storm Workspaces

Storm workspaces are built using
<a href="https://nx.dev/" target="_blank">Nx</a>, a set of extensible dev tools
for monorepos, which helps you develop like Google, Facebook, and Microsoft.
Building on top of Nx, the Open System provides a set of tools and patterns that
help you scale your monorepo to many teams while keeping the codebase
maintainable.

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues) for a
list of proposed features (and known issues).

- [Top Feature Requests](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues?q=label%3Aenhancement+is%3Aopen+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc)
  (Add your votes using the 👍 reaction)
- [Top Bugs](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc)
  (Add your votes using the 👍 reaction)
- [Newest Bugs](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug)

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Support

Reach out to the maintainer at one of the following places:

- [Contact](https://stormsoftware.com/contact)
- [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/discussions)
- <support@stormsoftware.com>

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## License

This project is licensed under the **Apache License 2.0**. Feel free to edit and
distribute this template as you like.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Changelog

This project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). Every release, along
with the migration instructions, is documented in the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)
file

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Contributing

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! Contributions are what
makes the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and
create. Any contributions you make will benefit everybody else and are **greatly
appreciated**.

Please try to create bug reports that are:

- _Reproducible._ Include steps to reproduce the problem.
- _Specific._ Include as much detail as possible: which version, what
  environment, etc.
- _Unique._ Do not duplicate existing opened issues.
- _Scoped to a Single Bug._ One bug per report.

Please adhere to this project's [code of conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

You can use
[markdownlint-cli](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/markdownlint-cli) to
check for common markdown style inconsistency.

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people
([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://www.sullypat.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/99053093?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Patrick Sullivan"/><br /><sub><b>Patrick Sullivan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-sullivanpj" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/commits?author=sullivanpj" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#tool-sullivanpj" title="Tools">🔧</a> <a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/commits?author=sullivanpj" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/commits?author=sullivanpj" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://tylerbenning.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7265547?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Tyler Benning"/><br /><sub><b>Tyler Benning</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-tbenning" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://stormsoftware.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/149802440?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Stormie"/><br /><sub><b>Stormie</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#maintenance-stormie-bot" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tfoot>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" size="13px" colspan="7">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/all-contributors/all-contributors-cli/1b8533af435da9854653492b1327a23a4dbd0a10/assets/logo-small.svg" alt="All Contributors">
          <a href="https://all-contributors.js.org/docs/en/bot/usage">Add your contributions</a>
        </img>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tfoot>
</table>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the
[all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors)
specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

<hr />
<br />

<div align="center">
<img src="https://pub-761b436209f44a4d886487c917806c08.r2.dev/logo-banner.png" width="100%" alt="Storm Software" />
</div>
<br />

<div align="center">
<a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank">Website</a>  •  <a href="https://stormsoftware.com/contact" target="_blank">Contact</a>  •  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/patrick-sullivan-865526b0" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a>  •  <a href="https://medium.com/@pat.joseph.sullivan" target="_blank">Medium</a>  •  <a href="https://github.com/storm-software" target="_blank">GitHub</a>  •  <a href="https://keybase.io/sullivanp" target="_blank">OpenPGP Key</a>
</div>

<div align="center">
<b>Fingerprint:</b> 1BD2 7192 7770 2549 F4C9 F238 E6AD C420 DA5C 4C2D
</div>
<br />

Storm Software is an open source software development organization and creator
of Acidic, StormStack and StormCloud.

Our mission is to make software development more accessible. Our ideal future is
one where anyone can create software without years of prior development
experience serving as a barrier to entry. We hope to achieve this via LLMs,
Generative AI, and intuitive, high-level data modeling/programming languages.

Join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/MQ6YVzakM5) to chat with the team,
receive release notifications, ask questions, and get involved.

If this sounds interesting, and you would like to help us in creating the next
generation of development tools, please reach out on our
[website](https://stormsoftware.com/contact) or join our
[Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/storm-software/shared_invite/zt-2gsmk04hs-i6yhK_r6urq0dkZYAwq2pA)!

<br />

<div align="center"><a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://pub-761b436209f44a4d886487c917806c08.r2.dev/icon-fill.png" alt="Storm Software" width="200px"/></a></div>
<br />
<div align="center"><a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://pub-761b436209f44a4d886487c917806c08.r2.dev/visit-us-text.svg" alt="Visit us at stormsoftware.com" height="90px"/></a></div>

<br />

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />
<br />


<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- END footer -->

Commit message:

feat(helpers): Added the `deepCopy` helper function

packages/helpers/README.md, after:

<!-- START header -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->


<div align="center"><img src="https://pub-761b436209f44a4d886487c917806c08.r2.dev/storm-banner.gif" width="100%" alt="Storm Software" /></div>
<br />

<div align="center">
<b>
<a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank">Website</a>  •
<a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke" target="_blank">GitHub</a>  •
<a href="https://discord.gg/MQ6YVzakM5">Discord</a>  •  <a href="https://stormsoftware.com/projects/stryke/docs" target="_blank">Docs</a>  •  <a href="https://stormsoftware.com/contact" target="_blank">Contact</a>  •
<a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug-report.yml&title=Bug Report%3A+">Report a Bug</a>
</b>
</div>

<br />
This package is part of Storm Software's **🌩️ Stryke** monorepo. Stryke packages TypeScript utility packages with shared functionality common to many Storm Software applications.

<br />

<h3 align="center">💻 Visit <a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank">stormsoftware.com</a> to stay up to date with this developer</h3><br />

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.1-1fb2a6.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=1fb2a6)](https://prettier.io/)&nbsp;[![Nx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nx-17.0.2-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge&logo=nx&logoWidth=20&&color=1fb2a6)](http://nx.dev/)&nbsp;[![NextJs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-14.0.2-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoWidth=20&color=1fb2a6)](https://nextjs.org/)&nbsp;[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=commitlint&color=1fb2a6)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)&nbsp;![Semantic-Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=1fb2a6)&nbsp;[![documented with Fumadocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/documented_with-fumadocs-success.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=readthedocs&color=1fb2a6)](https://fumadocs.vercel.app/)&nbsp;![GitHub Workflow Status (with event)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/storm-software/stryke/cr.yml?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&color=1fb2a6)

> [!IMPORTANT] This repository, and the apps, libraries, and tools contained
> within, is still in it's initial development phase. As a result, bugs and
> issues are expected with it's usage. When the main development phase
> completes, a proper release will be performed, the packages will be availible
> through NPM (and other distributions), and this message will be removed.
> However, in the meantime, please feel free to report any issues you may come
> across.

<div align="center">
<b>Be sure to ⭐ this repository on <a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke" target="_blank">GitHub</a> so you can keep up to date on any daily progress!</b>
</div>

<br />


<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- END header -->

# Stryke - Helper Functions

A package containing miscellaneous helper functions that are used across many
different Storm Software projects. This package is not meant to depend on any
other Stryke projects.

<!-- START doctoc -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

## Table of Contents

- [Stryke - Helper Functions](#stryke---helper-functions)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Quick Features](#quick-features)
  - [Installing](#installing)
  - [Reduced Package Size](#reduced-package-size)
  - [Development](#development)
    - [Building](#building)
    - [Running unit tests](#running-unit-tests)
    - [Linting](#linting)
  - [Storm Workspaces](#storm-workspaces)
  - [Roadmap](#roadmap)
  - [Support](#support)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Changelog](#changelog)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)

<!-- END doctoc -->

## Quick Features

The following modules are available in this package:

- **arg-identity**: Provides a function that returns its argument.
- **debounce**: Provides a function to debounce another function, delaying its execution.
- **deep-clone**: Provides a function to create a deep clone of an object.
- **deep-copy**: Provides a function to create a deep copy of an object.
- **deep-merge**: Provides a function to deeply merge two objects.
- **delay**: Provides a function to delay execution for a specified amount of time.
- **flatten-object**: Provides a function to flatten a nested object into a single level object.
- **get-field**: Provides a function to get the value of a field from an object.
- **get-ordered-by**: Provides a function to order an array of objects by a specified field.
- **get-unique**: Provides a function to get unique values from an array.
- **identity**: Provides a function that returns its argument.
- **is-equal**: Provides a function to check if two values are deeply equal.
- **match-sorter**: Provides a function to sort an array based on a search query.
- **noop**: Provides a no-operation function.
- **remove-accents**: Provides a function to remove accents from a string.
- **remove-empty-items**: Provides a function to remove empty items from an array.
- **set-field**: Provides a function to set the value of a field in an object.
- **throttle**: Provides a function to throttle another function, limiting its execution rate.
- **timeout**: Provides a function to execute another function with a timeout.
- **to-deep-key**: Provides a function to convert a path to a deep key.
- **to-path**: Provides a function to convert a deep key to a path.
- **unflatten-object**: Provides a function to unflatten a single level object into a nested object.
- **union**: Provides a function to create a union of two arrays.
- **with-timeout**: Provides a function to execute another function with a timeout.

## Installing

Using [pnpm](http://pnpm.io):

```bash
pnpm add -D @stryke/helpers
```

<details>
  <summary>Using npm</summary>

```bash
npm install -D @stryke/helpers
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Using yarn</summary>

```bash
yarn add -D @stryke/helpers
```

</details>

## Reduced Package Size

This project uses [tsup](https://tsup.egoist.dev/) to package the source code
due to its ability to remove unused code and ship smaller javascript files
thanks to code splitting. This helps to greatly reduce the size of the package
and to make it easier to use in other projects.

## Development

This project is built using [Nx](https://nx.dev). As a result, many of the usual
commands are available to assist in development.

### Building

Run `nx build helpers` to build the library.

### Running unit tests

Run `nx test helpers` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

### Linting

Run `nx lint helpers` to run [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) on the package.

<!-- START footer -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->


## Storm Workspaces

Storm workspaces are built using
<a href="https://nx.dev/" target="_blank">Nx</a>, a set of extensible dev tools
for monorepos, which helps you develop like Google, Facebook, and Microsoft.
Building on top of Nx, the Open System provides a set of tools and patterns that
help you scale your monorepo to many teams while keeping the codebase
maintainable.

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues) for a
list of proposed features (and known issues).

- [Top Feature Requests](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues?q=label%3Aenhancement+is%3Aopen+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc)
  (Add your votes using the 👍 reaction)
- [Top Bugs](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc)
  (Add your votes using the 👍 reaction)
- [Newest Bugs](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug)

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Support

Reach out to the maintainer at one of the following places:

- [Contact](https://stormsoftware.com/contact)
- [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/discussions)
- <support@stormsoftware.com>

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## License

This project is licensed under the **Apache License 2.0**. Feel free to edit and
distribute this template as you like.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Changelog

This project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). Every release, along
with the migration instructions, is documented in the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)
file

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Contributing

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! Contributions are what
makes the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and
create. Any contributions you make will benefit everybody else and are **greatly
appreciated**.

Please try to create bug reports that are:

- _Reproducible._ Include steps to reproduce the problem.
- _Specific._ Include as much detail as possible: which version, what
  environment, etc.
- _Unique._ Do not duplicate existing opened issues.
- _Scoped to a Single Bug._ One bug per report.

Please adhere to this project's [code of conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

You can use
[markdownlint-cli](https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/markdownlint-cli) to
check for common markdown style inconsistency.

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people
([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://www.sullypat.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/99053093?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Patrick Sullivan"/><br /><sub><b>Patrick Sullivan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-sullivanpj" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/commits?author=sullivanpj" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#tool-sullivanpj" title="Tools">🔧</a> <a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/commits?author=sullivanpj" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="https://github.com/storm-software/stryke/commits?author=sullivanpj" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://tylerbenning.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7265547?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Tyler Benning"/><br /><sub><b>Tyler Benning</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-tbenning" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://stormsoftware.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/149802440?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Stormie"/><br /><sub><b>Stormie</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#maintenance-stormie-bot" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tfoot>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" size="13px" colspan="7">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/all-contributors/all-contributors-cli/1b8533af435da9854653492b1327a23a4dbd0a10/assets/logo-small.svg" alt="All Contributors">
          <a href="https://all-contributors.js.org/docs/en/bot/usage">Add your contributions</a>
        </img>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tfoot>
</table>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the
[all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors)
specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />

<hr />
<br />

<div align="center">
<img src="https://pub-761b436209f44a4d886487c917806c08.r2.dev/logo-banner.png" width="100%" alt="Storm Software" />
</div>
<br />

<div align="center">
<a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank">Website</a>  •  <a href="https://stormsoftware.com/contact" target="_blank">Contact</a>  •  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/patrick-sullivan-865526b0" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a>  •  <a href="https://medium.com/@pat.joseph.sullivan" target="_blank">Medium</a>  •  <a href="https://github.com/storm-software" target="_blank">GitHub</a>  •  <a href="https://keybase.io/sullivanp" target="_blank">OpenPGP Key</a>
</div>

<div align="center">
<b>Fingerprint:</b> 1BD2 7192 7770 2549 F4C9 F238 E6AD C420 DA5C 4C2D
</div>
<br />

Storm Software is an open source software development organization and creator
of Acidic, StormStack and StormCloud.

Our mission is to make software development more accessible. Our ideal future is
one where anyone can create software without years of prior development
experience serving as a barrier to entry. We hope to achieve this via LLMs,
Generative AI, and intuitive, high-level data modeling/programming languages.

Join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/MQ6YVzakM5) to chat with the team,
receive release notifications, ask questions, and get involved.

If this sounds interesting, and you would like to help us in creating the next
generation of development tools, please reach out on our
[website](https://stormsoftware.com/contact) or join our
[Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/storm-software/shared_invite/zt-2gsmk04hs-i6yhK_r6urq0dkZYAwq2pA)!

<br />

<div align="center"><a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://pub-761b436209f44a4d886487c917806c08.r2.dev/icon-fill.png" alt="Storm Software" width="200px"/></a></div>
<br />
<div align="center"><a href="https://stormsoftware.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://pub-761b436209f44a4d886487c917806c08.r2.dev/visit-us-text.svg" alt="Visit us at stormsoftware.com" height="90px"/></a></div>

<br />

<div align="right">[ <a href="#table-of-contents">Back to top ▲</a> ]</div>
<br />
<br />


<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- END footer -->
